--- Page 1 ---
Forwarded message
From Carla Judge <ciudge@fultonscienceacademy org Date: Fri Aug ` 9,2024 at 12.10 PM Subject: Mrs. Judge's Second Gradel To:
Not displaying correctly? Vewin browser
XA Translate
Is Qudges 4 Second Grade Weekly News Saft
Week 1
Wehad a wonderful first full week of schooll
The students have done a wonderful job learning our new routines and adjusting to our second grade curriculum. lf you have not already, please sign into Class Dojo to view your child's dojo points with specific feedback about their behavior: will also be posting pictures on Dojo throughout the year: Your child can also "hatch" their dojo egg and customize their avatar:
The students have been very excited about our upcoming playground! We have enjoyed watching the construction process while playing outside this week. Fingers crossed that they ' will be able to complete the playground and we can play onit soonl
Please remember to send in your child's Friday folder each week so that we can send home your child's work each weekl Seeing the work that your child brings home and reviewing it with them is a great way to reinforce what we are learning in the classroom.
Thank you SO much for your continued supportl Ihope you have a wonderful and restful weekendl

--- Page 2 ---
Monday- Thursday Dismissal Times
Monday Thursday
Pre-K, K, Ist
2.20-2.35
2-5 Before Clubs
2.20-2.35
2-5 After Clubs
2.45-3.00
Friday Dismissal Times
No Clubs Dismissal Times
Pre-K; K; Ist
1.55-2.15
2-5
2.20-2.40
FSA clubs begin next weekl Important Information: P-2 students are assigned a club rotation with their class. 3rd-Sth grade students will get to submit club preferences. While we may not be able to honor every students first club preference on each day;` we do our best to give them a club they would prefer.
You can see the club options at the links below: 3-5 families, please note that the links below are only to preview the clubs being offered. A separate club preference form will be emailed to you at 6:00 pm on Tuesday; August 6,and the form will close at midnight on Thursday, August 8
2nd-Sth grade families; you wll have the option to pick up your child before clubs if you choose for them not to participate. This is a dismissal allowed by notification only- meaning; you must notify uS ahead of timel If you have not already communicated this in your dismissal plan to your childs teacher; please send them an email letting them knowwhich days (Monday-Thursday) your child wll be dismissed before clubs (2.20-2.35).

--- Page 3 ---
HALIL
AUGust Sunday Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday
Friday
Saturday
Orientation Day 1am
First Days of School
Spirit Day
10
Summer Reading Celebration
Spirit Day
12
13
14
15
16
Dress Down
Spirit Day
18
19 Liara Bday
20
21
22
23
24
Spirit Day
25
26
27
28
29 Curriculum Night Spm-6.30pm
30
31
Important Dates Coming Up: August 10: New Parent Breakfast 9.30am August 27: 3rd- Sth Curriculum Night 5.0Opm August 29: PreK - Znd Curriculum Night @ 5.0Opm September 1: Labor Day Holiday (No School)
APeek at Our Weekl

--- Page 4 ---
ReadingIELA The students have had such a wonderful start to the school year and our second grade curriculum! Next week we will continue to read and write about school and how we can include everyone when we are learning and playing: We will also continue to discuss what makes a complete sentence and when to use a capital letter:
For phonics, we will be learning about R-controlled E and will practice reading and writing these words We will have weekly spelling words that the students will be quizzed on every Friday: These quizzes are not for a grade; but a way for us to assess whether your child is learning the spelling pattern each week. Please feel free to practice these spelling words at home to support your child!
Judge & Stephan Math: The students had a wonderful time getting to know each other and creating different graphs about their classmates' preferences. We will continue to practice our graphing skills next week as we walk through each of our MATH centers. MATH stands for M- meet the teacher; A-at your seat; T-technology, and H-hands on games  When the students are ready; we will start doing daily center rotations in math Please review the work that is coming home with your child and help reinforce any skills that they ' may need additional support withl
Blackledge Math: The students had a great time getting into our unit of number sense. We are reviewing skip counting and practicing skip counting by 5's, 10's and 100's. Next week students will be introduced to centers and we will be going over center routines. We will also be practicing even and odd, and greater than and less than Please review any work that is coming home with your child to review any skills that we are working on in the class.
Science: Students are having a fun time learning about science safetyl Next week we will be learning about the states of matterl
Social Studies: This week in Social Studies we learned about what it means to be a good citizen in our home, school, and communities. We also learned about character traits, and we used character traits to describe ourselves and our actions. We also practiced some important classroom procedures. Next week; we will be learning about rules and laws_

--- Page 5 ---
Spelling Words
-er
-ear
-eer
1. her
6_ ear
11. deer
2. clerk
7. clear
12. cheer
3_ fern
8. dear
13. peer 14.steer
4 germ 5_ herd
9.fear
103 near
15.sheer
Vote for usl
We are pleased to announce that our school has been nominated once again for the Best K-12 Private School in the Best of North Atlanta Awards. Thanks to your support and votes in recent years, we have consistently been recognized as the Best K-12 Private School by Appen Media. Your continued support is vital in helping us maintain this esteemed title.
You can vote once each day until August 15. Please visit the link below to cast your vote for our school:
Vote_Herel

--- Page 6 ---
Our 2024-2025 Academic Calendar
Download 161.9 KB
PDF
Fulton Science Academy 24-25 Calendar (1) (2)-pdf
Class Dojo App This year; we will be monitoring classroom behavior using this app. We can mark amazing behavior and also negative behavior happening throughout the school day: Our specials and foreign language teachers can also use this app to give points or take away points.
Please see our class Iink below:
https IIW classdojo comlulpladdKid?target-class&class-CGNP683
will also be posting pictures of our classroom activities on here.
How to Order Lunch for Your Child It's Time for Lunchl
FSA Partnered with YA Y Lunch last school year. YA Y Lunch contracts out to various restaurants in our area to provide students with food that- they' love. You can use the link below to register an account now and learn morel

--- Page 7 ---
YAY LUNCH! Forget What You Knew About School Food Here s howwe dothings differently: From snecksyou areacylovetomeals Krcmyouur Javomte lccal places Des gneoto seve time Withthe opronto purchese aneasGin Betson Tons 0 vanety including cally sceclals anamenus tattotate monthly OrderIn Person_
Grb Gocalaana Bcratage
Pepular Snacks Or Onlinel
Ounelcsono Tre
01n  214nd I Eul An 0 oveel
Vekeneand {3d#dR8 Frott0-
ToLune teti Arer-ttcontio Lnoon
Sign up fora free Yay Lunch account todayl Cieate &n account adda eustom Luncher ID-andyoute ai set for online andin-peison purchases no commitmentrequired yoylunchcom908-storod
CLASSROOM WISH LIST *UPDATED LINKI* Thank you so much for the items you have already purchased from my wish listl am sO grateful for how supportive you are of our classrooml
amazon
This year have created an Amazon Wish List for parents who would like to donate items to our classroom_ have complied a list of supplies, indoor recess games, treasure box items, books, organization supplies, etc. to help our classroom_
This is just a wish list and there is no obligation to donate anything:
The link to the wishlist is below: https IIWWamazon com/hzlishlistlls/33WBVZMPOHV6Q2 ref EWshare

--- Page 8 ---
STUDENT HEALTH SERVICES Please be aware that we do have very severe nut allergies throughout our school AND in our classrooms_Wekindly ask that You refrain from sending any items with nuts for your childs PLEASE snacks Qr -lunches If for some reason this is anissue , please let NUTS | us know: NO This _includes: Peanut butter snacksl sandwiches Almondl nut bars (Kind bars) Rice wl cashews Nutella Granola (wl nuts)
For questions about Student Health Services at FSA, please contact Nurse Lee at JCLEE@FULTONSCIENCEACADEMYORG
EARLY Gheckowt Elementary _ Pk-8 Monday = Thursday Latest Checkout Time: 2:OOpm If you arrive after this time: we kindly Osk thot YOU pleose pick Up vour child from corpool Thank yoU for yoU' cooperotion Friday Latest Checkout Time: 1.3Opm If you arrive Ofter this time. we kindly Osk that vOu pleose pick up your child from corpool. Thank you for yoU' cooperotion

--- Page 9 ---
2021
2022
NICHE ei SCHO OLS
McepeNATiS Loaee High School for STEMi- Gedrgia 4 Anr Peat Calege Futr  Private High Schoa s In Ceor a 25  PnvizK2sctccknGcjmiz Bsst Pival- Hiuhi Stwjol: Geuls& Jcr Kine; Maren Rrunie Hin Schccl: n Cezigle
School. Of 1 J Characterorg
of Education National _ 1 1 1 } E

--- Page 10 ---
WINNER
Beezt Of North Atlanta PZrneede A rgx
AdvancED STEM C E RT| F! E D
FOET? 8 Rrirevah R € 89 PEMY
INTEGRITY 33626 6 Ctt CURIOSITY 83 432 etd Advocacy ~o
RESILIENCY
2
6 EMPAtKY
Laeaua Ridar
nt
To dellver an educational Iramework designed to achleve the highest academic results and instill enduring strengin ol charactcr by lovcraging innovotion and STEAM curticulums tor college preparedness and Ilfelong student success
TC
0iXe Vastnid
FSAPS cndcavors to bo a nationally and globally rocognizod school scrving advanced and gitted students committed t0 academic success; civic responsibility; global citizenship, and high ethical values within & sole environment that celebrates diversity and is nurtured by the collaborative elforts ol aIl stakeholders

--- Page 11 ---
Carla Judge 2nd Grade Teacher Email: cjudge@fultonscienceacademy org Website: W fultonscienceacademyorq Location: 3035 Fanfare Way Alpharetta_GA 30009_United States Phone: (678) 366-2555
Carla Judge Carla is using Smore to create beautiful newsletters
Unsubscribe from emails by Carla Judge_
Mrs. Carla Judge, MEd Second Grade Teacher Fulton Science Academy Private School Serving Advanced & Gifted Students PreK through High School CARE: Integrity, Curiosity, Advocacy, Resiliency, Empathy Individually, we are one drop. Together; we are an ocean:
Elucatton Natiotal_ School_ 6 1 ) 1 2 5 [ #Charcter;org 2021
3035 Fanfare Way Alpharetta_GA 30009 Phone: (678) 366-2555 ext: 101 Cell: (404) 518-4264 WWW fultonscienceacademy org
You Tube
in
f

